Ugly last night
Suddenly I heard His Majesty shout
When the old slave arrived
His Majesty has spat blood
Then he started talking nonsense.
The state is crazy
Who did His Majesty see last night?
What foods have you eaten?
List in detail
Yes
How's it going?
Pulse disorder
Activate the attack center
Purple tongue coating
Combine the symptoms described by the public
It doesn't look like any documented disease at all.
More like a serious illness
The third prince and the imperial doctor magpie are here
let go
get out of the way
You're just a nephew
You really think of yourself as a miracle doctor
The emperor's medical doctors have informed me
As far as I can see
The emperor's illness is extremely rare
Because of impatient ions
However, I urgently discuss with the imperial physicians
The emperor's disease can be cured
Here's the prescription I just wrote
Find a room to get medicine
The prescription you wrote
What do you mean?
Magpie is the head of the imperial physicians in the palace
His life
Impossible from now on
It's not enough for you to die a hundred times after delaying His Majesty's illness